Write upgrade (v2->v3) and release notes #824 (#826)
enonic/nextxp-demo: docs/release.adoc

= Release Notes
:toc: right

== Next.XP Demo 3

=== App router structure

Next.js' app router is now default folder structure for Next.XP projects.
This includes support for pages and layouts, route groups, parallel and intercepting routes.

=== Improved Next.js localization

> In addition to the data localization, Next.XP now supports localization of the static texts both in client and server components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to localization of content, Next.XP now supports localization of static texts both in client and server components.
```

Use `useLocaleContext` hook in client-side components and `I18n` in server-side ones.

=== Major nextjs-adapter refactoring

> In order to support the new app router, the nextjs-adapter has been substantially refactored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to support the new app router, `@enonic/nextjs-adapter` has been substantially refactored.
```
